---
layout: changeablepages
language: en
title: Lesson 04 Adpositions Vocabulary
lesson_number: 7
---

# Lesson 04: Adpositions Vocabulary

## Common Prepositions

1. **Kel** (with): Used to indicate accompaniment.
    - Example: "I read the book with the student."
    - Balkeon: "Aye redir bukeon kel lernemaon." or "Aye redir bukeon lernemaonkel."

2. **Tal** (to/towards): Used to indicate direction.
    - Example: "I go to the teacher house."
    - Balkeon: "Aye gonir tal ensenemaonos yereon." or "Aye gonir ensenemaonos yereontal."

3. **In** (in): Used to indicate inclusion within a space.
    - Example: "The cat is in the house."
    - Balkeon: "Kateon estir in yereon." or "Kateon estir yereonin."

4. **On** (on): Used to indicate position atop a surface.
    - Example: "The book is on the table."
    - Balkeon: "Bukeon estir on tebleon." or "Bukeon estir tebleonon."

5. **Un** (in/on/at): Used to indicate an undefined location.
    - Example: "The book is somewhere in/on/at the house."
    - Balkeon: "Bukeon estir un yereon." or "Bukeon estir yereonun."

6. **Fron** (for): Used to indicate purpose or benefit.
    - Example: "I write the book for the doctor."
    - Balkeon: "Aye ekrir bukeon fron liekemaon." or "Aye ekrir bukeon liekemaonfron."

7. **Frok** (from): Used to indicate the origin.
    - Example: "I get the book from the teacher."
    - Balkeon: "Aye anir bukeon frok ensenemaon." or "Aye anir bukeon ensenemaonfrok."

8. **Fen** (outside of): Used to indicate position outside of a space.
    - Example: "The dog is outside of the house."
    - Balkeon: "Kaneon estir fen yereon." or "Kaneon estir yereonfen."

9. **Nel** (without): Used to indicate absence.
    - Example: "I read the book without the student."
    - Balkeon: "Aye redir bukeon nel lernemaon." or "Aye redir bukeon lernemaonnel."
